HowTo topics for Kafka tiered storage (#2162)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/kafka/howto/kafka-tiered-storage-get-started.rst

Get started with tiered storage for Aiven for Apache Kafka® 
====================================================================

> Aiven for Apache Kafka®'s tiered storage expands storage beyond local disks. It stores frequently accessed data on faster tiers and less active data on cost-effective, slower tiers, ensuring both performance and cost efficiency are optimized.

Reviewer: > It stores frequently accessed data on faster tiers

Strictly speaking, it stores the recent data on local disks, which are most likely the frequently accessed (but this is not guaranteed)

Author: Does rewording it like this sound better? 

Aiven for Apache Kafka®'s tiered storage optimizes resources by keeping recent data—typically the most accessed—on faster local disks. As data becomes less active, it's transferred to more economical, slower storage, balancing performance with cost efficiency.

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> Aiven for Apache Kafka®'s tiered storage expands storage beyond local disks. It stores frequently accessed data on faster tiers and less active data on cost-effective, slower tiers, ensuring both performance and cost efficiency are optimized.

Reviewer: Maybe singular?
```suggestion
Aiven for Apache Kafka®'s tiered storage expands storage beyond local disks. It stores frequently accessed data on the faster tier and less active data on cost-effective, the slower tier, ensuring both performance and cost efficiency are optimized.
```

> For an in-depth understanding of tiered storage, how it works, and its benefits, see `Tiered Storage in Aiven for Apache Kafka®`.

Reviewer: I guess it's the name of a section? I can't find it.

Author: This content is related to the concept topics in the PR - https://github.com/aiven/devportal/pull/2142. I'm unable to create direct links at the moment, as they would lead to broken links and prevent me from merging the content into the main branch.

.. important:: 
    

>    Aiven for Apache Kafka® tiered storage is an early availability feature, which means it has some restrictions on the functionality and service level agreement. It is intended for non-production environments, but you can test it with production-like workloads to assess the performance. To enable this feature, navigate to the :doc:`Feature preview </docs/platform/howto/feature-preview>` page within your user profile.

Reviewer: > To enable this feature, navigate to the :doc:`Feature preview </docs/platform/howto/feature-preview>` page within your user profile.

Hm.. how does this work? I don't think customers need enabling anything for TS to start working.

Author: I assumed that because this is an Early Availability feature, it would also be included as a Feature Preview. I believe @roope-kar  was handling the preview aspect — could you confirm this? If this isn't included in the Feature Preview and doesn't require activation, I'll make sure to revise the note accordingly.

(https://docs.aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/beta_services#early-availability-public-beta https://docs.aiven.io/docs/platform/howto/feature-preview

Reviewer 2: It's a console thing. By policy, Beta features should be placed under "Feature preview" UI. It controls the visibility of tiered storage stuff. It's located in Profile -> Feature preview. Here you can see list of new Beta features. Once enabled, you'll see related things in UI. It also provides means to provide feedback.

Ref: https://app.slack.com/client/E02TH02S2F3/C053VUDS28Z
Ref: https://docs.aiven.io/docs/platform/concepts/beta_services#early-availability-public-beta

Reviewer 2: Here's a [screencast](https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/15416578/272187738-8de4f34e-0c5a-4818-b6f2-4bd27244b564.webm?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAIWNJYAX4CSVEH53A%2F20231103%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20231103T070102Z&X-Amz-Expires=300&X-Amz-Signature=221327002a60154f4df5094d2626367aafe09b4f75de0afde333820cb9f9bc93&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&actor_id=15416578&key_id=0&repo_id=29294097) if you want to see it in action.

Reviewer: TIL!

Get started with Aiven for Apache Kafka® tiered storage
====================================================================

Aiven for Apache Kafka®'s tiered storage expands storage beyond local disks. It stores frequently accessed data on faster tiers and less active data on cost-effective, slower tiers, ensuring both performance and cost efficiency are optimized.

> For an in-depth understanding of tiered storage, how it works, and its benefits, see `Tiered Storage in Aiven for Apache Kafka®`.

Reviewer 2: Tiered storage* (i think)
